==============
Role Variables
==============
ansible-digital-signage is configured entirely through variables set in your ansible inventory. These can be set per group or per host, just like in any other ansible playbook.

---------------
signage_browser
---------------
String. Sets which browser will be used to display your configured pages. The role has built-in configurations for :code:`chrome`, :code:`firefox`, :code:`firefox-esr`, and :code:`chromium`. Currently defaults to :code:`chrome`.
Set this to :code:`custom` to activate the next couple of variables.

.. note:: The role uses :code:`MOZ_USE_XINPUT2=1` with Firefox to enable proper touchscreen support.

-----------------------
signage_browser_package
-----------------------
String or List. Set this to a valid package name (or names) in your distribution's repositories, which are necessary to display your signage.

.. note:: This will be ignored unless :ref:`signage_browser` is set to :code:`custom`.

-----------------------
signage_browser_command
-----------------------
String. This should be the command, including full path and any arguments, but *not* the URL or path, to start the browser/application which will display your signage. Examples (which are in use by the role if you select :code:`chrome` or :code:`firefox` using :ref:`signage_browser`)::

    signage_browser_command: "/usr/bin/google-chrome-stable --kiosk"
    signage_browser_command: "MOZ_USE_XINPUT2=1 /usr/bin/firefox -kiosk"

.. note:: This will be ignored unless :ref:`signage_browser` is set to :code:`custom`.

---------------------------
signage_browser_window_name
---------------------------
String. This should be set to a string which will allow :code:`xdotool` to find the correct window as implemented in :ref:`signage-chrome`.

-------------------
signage_orientation
-------------------
String. Passed to :code:`xrandr` to set the orientation of the display you're using. Valid options are :code:`normal`, :code:`inverted`, :code:`left`, and :code:`right`, per https://x.org/releases/X11R7.5/doc/man/man1/xrandr.1.html. Defaults to :code:`normal`.

-------------------
signage_placeholder
-------------------
String. This is the path to an HTML file which will be displayed in certain circumstances if there is nothing currently on the schedule (for example, on system reboot). Defaults to :code:`files/signage-placeholder.html`.

--------------
signage_reload
--------------
Boolean. Enables or disables periodic reloading of the page being displayed. Defaults to True.

--------------------
signage_reload_every
--------------------
Sets the interval between automatic reloads. Has no effect if :ref:`signage_reload` is False.

----------------
signage_schedule
----------------
The Signage Schedule is defined as a list of dictionaries in YAML. Each line in the schedule is formatted as such::

    - { days: "Mon,Tue,Wed,Thu,Fri,Sat,Sun", start_time: "08:00", end_time: "17:00", url: "https://example.com" }

The above line will instruct the signage player to display https://example.com from 8:00 in the morning until 5:00 in the afternoon on every weekday. A few notes on this syntax:

#. The order of these elements doesn't matter. You can, for example, put the :code:`url:` directive first. I recommend putting it at the end, in case your url is long enough to make the rest of the schedule hard to read.
#. Days of the week to display a given URL *must* be specified as a comma-separated list (with no spaces) of capitalized 3-letter abbreviations.
#. All times *must* be specified in 24-hour time.
#. If there are overlapping times specified in the schedule, the signage player will load the first one it finds.
#. As long as times don't overlap, the schedule line shouldn't have to be in order of start and end time. For your own sanity, however, the author strongly recommends writing the schedule in order.

-------------------------
signage_schedule_location
-------------------------
String. Sets the path to the schedule file which will be automatically generated by the playbook and read by :ref:`signage-refresh`.

..  note:: I can't think of a scenario where this would need to be changed. It was easier to make it a variable anyway, though.

----------------------
signage_startx_command
----------------------
String. Sets the command which the role will use to start the X11 display server on the signage player. If you don't know exactly what this is, you don't need to change it.
Default::

    signage_startx_command: "xinit -- vt8 -keeptty"

----------------
signage_timezone
----------------
String. Sets the timezone on the signage player. Defaults to :code:`America/Indianapolis`. This accepts anything in the "TZ Database Name" column on this page: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones


------------
signage_user
------------
String. Sets the username used to actually run the web browser on the signage player. Defaults to :code:`signage`.

.. note:: This doesn't need to be changed in most installations.

